yo what's up guys okay again one of the
deck list of this year's we're all
championship in rimini and this is the
coast of dash DVD he's all the
representatives of North America he's a
very nice guy very amazing guy very
friendly and i again had the stack
profile up earlier but was forced to put
it on so here's again the decklist he
was playing gear yeah and so let's take
a quick look pretty much the same as a
sharma games decklist yeah uploaded
earlier so the double fire hand three
arsenal double eyes and three
accelerator three armors so that's for
the DVD engine of course the wrong gear
giano double maxi double failure for the
monsters as for the spells one mind
control want Oracle double sole charge
triple honesty and the one book of moon
and then we have for the traps the
bottom is the one tech needle suing in a
neck very cool the torrential tribute
one compost and then the traps he added
three finishing three wiretap three
black horn of heaven for the infirmity
matchup and then solemn warning for the
main acts of 40 cards the extra deck
pretty self-explanatory to Rome armies
the won't goregaon one reckon 03 Gary
Goggins to one black ship double art
night hard time Drago to steal those
games direwolf excitant valor cowboy and
lost Arab city for the saitek the one
Majesty's field very cool tech the cycle
reader double flying CWD grow double
system down to run necrovalley w yet
double-needle ceiling so three needle
ceiling and total the one test tornado
macro cosmos and last yet double debunk
so this was dash list I believe you went
to three so right missing out a top
eight spot but yet dash the very
friendly guy gave me the tech profile at
the event itself so yeah the guys that's
it thanks for watching and feel free to
keep going or like if you enjoy the
video beat them signing out
news